Subject: Medical Doctor/In-charge

Dear Hiring Committee,

I am writing to apply for the Medical Doctor/In-charge position in Nuristan, Afghanistan at Organization for People’s Health in Action (OPHA).
I understand that the vacancy emphasizes patient referral coordination, medicine, stock and medical-supply coordination, supportive supervision and mentorship, health data, HMIS and reporting, quality improvement and patient safety.
My relevant experience includes:
- Delivered clinical assessment, diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up care for children with SAM applying WHO, IMAM/CMAM, and national clinical protocols. (TFU Medical Doctor & Safeguarding Focal Point | Action Against Hunger (ACF-International) | Sang-e-Takht TFU, Daikundi (2023-05 – 2025-07))
- Supervised mobile health and nutrition teams delivering community-based BPHS/EPHS-related services. (Health and Nutrition Supervisor | Action Against Hunger (ACF-International) | Gizab & Sang-e-Takht, Daikundi (2022-02 – 2022-12))
- Maintained accurate HMIS records and served as Safeguarding Focal Point supporting PSEA and child protection. (TFU Medical Doctor & Safeguarding Focal Point | Action Against Hunger (ACF-International) | Sang-e-Takht TFU, Daikundi (2023-05 – 2025-07))
- Coordinated with Ministry of Public Health representatives, provincial health authorities, and partner organizations. (Medical Doctor / COVID-19 Rapid Response Team Leader | Daikundi Provincial Public Health Directorate | Daikundi, Afghanistan (2020-10 – 2020-12))
My medical education includes Doctor of Medicine (MD), Curative Medicine — Kabul Medical Science University — 2013 — 2020.
I also meet the professional medical registration/license requirement stated for the role.
My profile also includes verified completion of the required Medical Exit Exam.
My verified language profile is Dari/Persian — Native, English — Fluent, Pashto — Intermediate.

I would welcome the opportunity to discuss how my experience can support your health program and the communities served by this position.

Sincerely,
Allah Yar Frotan
